---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-10T01:22:03.407Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-10T01:21:40.577Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-10-9565d4ad-86e3-4111-9138-67208a2dfe23.md
published: true
url: 9565d4ad-86e3-4111-9138-67208a2dfe23/index.html
_type: Article

---
Something Designed offers custom designed wedding stationery and graphic design. Choosing custom designs will provide you with the best quality and service, as we can help you through each step in the process. You will receive expertise and assistance you won't find from big companies and template sites. Everything is specified to you so we can fit any needs.

"My fiancé and I were having trouble finding a wedding suite that represented us. When I met with Megan, I showed her ideas from wedding suites we liked, and she flawlessly delivered a beautiful product. The degree to which you can customize these suites is unmatched in my opinion. We are really thankful!" - Alexa, Minneapolis, MN

One of the easiest ways to reflect your style and wedding is through custom wedding stationery. From the save the date to thank yous, Something Designed can take care of as many or as few pieces as you need. Something Designed will make your custom wedding stationery something you will love and cherish for the years to come.

"Megan was so wonderful to work with. I was a bride who did NOT know what she wanted and Megan walked me through it all. She helped me figure out my vibe for the invites which then translated into the entire wedding because I liked it so much! She was super responsive and helpful and I ended up with a product that was super unique to me. I got tons of compliments on them because they were so 'me' :)" - Maria, Jordan, MN

Let's get started! Creating your invitation suite can help with the rest of your planning. We can bring to life the vision in your head or create something you never dreamed of. After we find your perfect style, you will have a visual example to show vendors to help explain your theme, colors, and vision.